I said bridge.
Did you see me open this top-quality jade?
Crazy
Brother's trash, you want it too
Name a price
Since you really want it
How about I give you a fair price?
5 million 5 million
This junk is not worth 5 yuan
If you want to 5 million there is no way
Who made people like bridges?
Right? Oops bro.
I advise you to be careful
Isn't that 5 million?
Here you are.
Pay me no
I really think I'm stupid.
5 million buy this junk
Trust me to pay
I don't care.
Ah!
Thanks, it's your fault.
Boss, please put that pile of materials
Slip the edge and cut it for me
Be careful not to go inside
Brother, you are really stupid and have a lot of money.
How nice to meet you earlier.
Look at your pity.
I won't accept these. Are you eating and drinking?
I said bridge.
I really don't know if I should call you stupid
Or are you stupid?
5 million buy that junk
This money
I really feel bad for such a brother.
I didn't expect you to still be a demon
Stupid and stupid trash
I feel like there's someone standing right in front of me
I'm not talking about you.
I'm talking trash, not you
Could it be that you admit that you are trash?
Okay, I'll see how hard your mouth is.
If only this pile of junk could be shipped
My whole family tonight
Shipped, shipped.
He shipped it.
All the best purple glass
How is this possible?